Remove en-us from URLs (#12452)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/microservices-architecture/implement-resilient-applications/implement-http-call-retries-exponential-backoff-polly.md

Polly is a .NET library that provides resilience and transient-fault handling capabilities. You can implement those capabilities by applying Polly policies such as Retry, Circuit Breaker, Bulkhead Isolation, Timeout, and Fallback. Polly targets .NET 4.x and the .NET Standard Library 1.0 (which supports .NET Core).

> However, using Polly’s library with your own custom code with HttpClient can be significantly complex. In the original version of eShopOnContainers, there was a [ResilientHttpClient building-block](https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopOnContainers/commit/0c317d56f3c8937f6823cf1b45f5683397274815#diff-e6532e623eb606a0f8568663403e3a10) based on Polly. But with the release of [HttpClientFactory](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/microservices-architecture/implement-resilient-applications/use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests), resilient Http communication has become much simpler to implement, so that building-block was deprecated from eShopOnContainers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, using Polly’s library with your own custom code with HttpClient can be significantly complex. In the original version of eShopOnContainers, there was a [ResilientHttpClient building-block](https://github.com/dotnet-architecture/eShopOnContainers/commit/0c317d56f3c8937f6823cf1b45f5683397274815#diff-e6532e623eb606a0f8568663403e3a10) based on Polly. But with the release of [HttpClientFactory](use-httpclientfactory-to-implement-resilient-http-requests.md), resilient HTTP communication has become much simpler to implement, so that building-block was deprecated from eShopOnContainers. 
```
